Ugh... is this a nightmare?
Everything about her...
was right on the tip of my tongue...
I'm sorry Seele!
I just said...
Seele?
Seele...Seele...Seele!
Yes,
the timid you...
the teary-eyed you...
the "one already much
stronger than me" you...
The...
I'll never —
forget you!
Seele!
♪ Here I feel the touch brought
by the real number solution. ♪
♪ Ripples of two souls now
have reached our double slits. ♪
♪ Casting stripes of light and dark
in the world as days and nights. ♪
♪ You set me free under the sun. ♪
♪ I fly your cradle dreams
to the moon and back. ♪
♪ A worm will turn into a butterfly, ♪
♪ before one can answer "who am I." ♪
♪ After the ice turns into water, ♪
♪ the sea I hang upside
down will be your sky. ♪
You found me, Seele.
I found you, Seele.